docs/design: update collation compatibility issues in charsets doc (#30806)
pingcap/tidb: docs/design/2021-08-18-charsets.md

### Collation

Add gbk_chinese_ci and gbk_bin collations. In addition, considering the performance, we can add the collation of utf8mb4 (gbk_utf8mb4_bin).
- To support gbk_chinese_ci and gbk_bin collations, it needs to turn on the `new_collations_enabled_on_first_bootstrap` switch.

>   - If `new_collations_enabled_on_first_bootstrap` is off, it only support gbk_utf8mb4_bin. gbk_utf8mb4_bin does not need to be converted to gbk code for processing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If `new_collations_enabled_on_first_bootstrap` is off, it only supports gbk_utf8mb4_bin which does not need to be converted to gbk code for processing.
```

#### Compatibility between TiDB versions

- Upgrade compatibility:

>   - There may be compatibility issues when performing  operations during the rolling upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - There may be compatibility issues when performing operations during the rolling upgrade.
```

  - The new version of the cluster is expected to have no compatibility issues when reading old data.
- Downgrade compatibility: 
  - Downgrade is not compatible. The index key uses the table of gbk_bin/gbk_chinese_ci. The lower version of TiDB will have problems when decoding, and it needs to be transcoded before downgrading.

#### Compatibility with MySQL

- Illegal character related issue:
  - Due to the internal conversion of non-utf-8-related encoding to utf8 for processing, it is not fully compatible with MySQL in some cases in terms of illegal character processing. TiDB controls its behavior through sql_mode.

- Collation

>   - Support gbk_bin/gbk_chinese_ci when opening configuration item `new_collations_enabled_on_first_bootstrap`. When this configuration is not enabled, only binary sorting after non-utf-8-related is converted to utf8 is supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Fully support `gbk_bin` and `gbk_chinese_ci` only when the config `new_collations_enabled_on_first_bootstrap` is enabled. Otherwise, `gbk_chinese_ci` is equivalent to `utf8mb4_bin`.
```

>   - Support gbk_bin/gbk_chinese_ci when opening configuration item `new_collations_enabled_on_first_bootstrap`. When this configuration is not enabled, only binary sorting after non-utf-8-related is converted to utf8 is supported.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Fully support `gbk_bin` and `gbk_chinese_ci` only when the config `new_collations_enabled_on_first_bootstrap` is enabled. Otherwise, it only supports gbk_utf8mb4_bin.
```
